so it's March 10th and it's the day
after the stock market crash the Dow was
down over 2,000 points oil creature to
$30 a barrel or so the ten-year bond
went to below 0.5% what the heck is
going on I told you many years ago if
you if you stick around long enough
you'll see everything in markets and and
it may have taken me to 89 two years of
age to throw this one and the end the
end of the experience but you know the
markets if yet if you have to be open
second by second they react the news in
a big time way I mean it's not like the
market for real estate or farms or and
you know things of that sort so you have
to have a price if the swimming of
course we hit the circuit breaker
yesterday but you know it's so was it
wasn't October 19 1987 but but it was a
it was a sign it was an invitation
anyway and the combination actually of
the of the coronavirus and and what
happened with oil over the week I mean
that is that's a big one-two punch does
this remind you of any other time well
I've certainly been that a lot that's a
fair number of times when panic has
reigned in Wall Street and October 19
1987 and period around it I mean it was
there was panic on at the close of
business on Monday October 19th most of
the specialist firms which were
important in those days of the New York
Stock Exchange were broke and and the
next morning there was a check to the
Clearing House in Chicago that didn't
get there and and sometimes late in the
morning you know a decision I think if a
lender made the decision you know we're
gonna stay open but but it was really
close now that was and of course the
financial panic there were you had 35
million people on September 1st that
weren't worried about at all about their
money market accounts on September 15th
or 16th they were all what year was that
well I was that was 2008 2008 absolutely
2008 and you literally had three and a
half trillion in money market accounts
which people regarded as equivalent of
cash or bank deposit that was half the
amount of all the insured bank deposits
at the country but these weren't insured
and literally I remembered because then
all my friends have money mark cuz I
didn't have one but I was at a party and
nuts and a a birthday party and that's
all they talked about I suddenly became
very popular I was like a sports girl or
something for a very brief period of
time and and of Hank Paulson they they
had a hundred and seventy five billion
of withdrawals in a few days that's when
I think anybody that knew what was going
on panicked basically and Hank Paulson
did the very gudy thing abusing I think
the exchange Stabilization Fund that was
set up in the 30s because of the
revaluation of gold it had nothing to do
with us but he stepped in and and three
and a half billion dollars worth of
deposits fell or trillion I should say
of deposits felt a whole lot better that
if that move hadn't been made because
those funds held all the commercial
paper and you couldn't roll commercial
but everything had come to a stop and
that was much more scary by far than
anything happened yesterday